---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: page
---

This workshop explores how robots become expressive, empathic entities through
amplified behaviours, animal-like movement, and textile augmentation. We frame
robotic expression as a more-than-human intelligence—one communicated through
body, rhythm, and responsive materials.

Participants will design and prototype robot personas using soft materials,
lights, and costume-like extensions. These robots do not speak—they gesture,
react, and relate through motion, tension, texture, and spatial choreography.
Drawing from animal behaviour, participants co-create nonverbal interactions
that bypass the uncanny valley, generating alliances that are felt rather than
spoken. Through embodied exercises and textile fabrication, participants
(ad)dress robots as animal-inspired others—spiky, fluid, woolly,
twitchy—highlighting how robotic identity can emerge from physical behaviour
and tactile surface rather than anthropomorphic form.

The workshop asks: How do we design for robotic acceptance without assuming
sameness? How can we amplify machine behaviours to evoke empathy without
language? And how might textile interfaces—elastic bands, feathers, stretch
fabric—mediate new forms of connection between human and robot bodies?
Together, we develop short performance vignettes of robotically amplified
movement and behaviour, expanding the design of HRI beyond functional or
social robotics into speculative, somatic, and more-than-human territories.
This workshop reimagines robotic interaction as material empathy—felt through
contact, not commands.

## Submissions

Coming soon
